[ui] use intrinsic size for Host matchContents (#44642)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/ui/swift-ui/host.mdx

}
```

> > **Note:** Do not use `matchContents` on the same axis as a scroll container (`ScrollView`, `List`, `Form`, `LazyHStack`, `LazyVStack`). `matchContents` resolves to SwiftUI's `.fixedSize`, which sizes the scroll container to its content, leaving nothing past the viewport to scroll into, so scrolling silently stops working. Use `matchContents={{ vertical: true }}` together with `style={{ width: '100%' }}` (or any finite width on the scroll axis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Do not use `matchContents` on the same axis as a scroll container (`ScrollView`, `List`, `Form`, `LazyHStack`, `LazyVStack`). `matchContents` resolves to SwiftUI's `.fixedSize`, which sizes the scroll container to its content. It also leaves nothing past the viewport to scroll into, so scrolling silently stops working. Use `matchContents={{ vertical: true }}` together with `style={{ width: '100%' }}` (or any finite width on the scroll axis).
```
